Gabriel F. Pedraza
Garland, Tx	(469) 708-3956
                                                                                                                                              gabrielfp.work.acc@gmail.com

Professional Profile
I am currently a senior at the University of North Texas majoring in Project Design and Analysis. I bring a blend of creativity, communication, and analytical skills to the field. My passion for project management is complemented by practical experience in both business and legal domains. I’m eager to apply my interdisciplinary knowledge, committed to contributing innovative and strategic solutions.
CORE COMPETENCIES
Leadership | Collaboration | Time Management | Problem-solving | Adaptability | Decision Making | Strategic Thinking | Critical Thinking | Flexible | Time Prioritization | Communication | Stakeholder Engagement | Attention to Detail | Organization | Research
SKILLS
Bilingual - English and Spanish | QuickBooks Online | ClickUp | Customer Service | Google Workspace | Project Management | Planning and Scheduling | Project Planning & Organization | Risk Management | Stakeholder Management | Agile and Waterfall Methodologies

Education
B.S. in Project Design and Analysis
Minor in Social Sciences
University of North Texas, Denton, TX	  Expected Graduation Date: Aug 2026
CERTIFICATIONS
QuickBooks Online (2023) | Lean Six Sigma Green Belt (2025)

EXPERIENCE
Queendom Arts Consulting		         Feb 2025 – Ongoing
Lead Project Manager
o	Managed 5 multi-industry projects concurrently and events for the firm and its clients
o	Created and led detailed project plans, including timelines, milestones, and resource allocation
o	Monitored project progress and managed risks that would come up
o	Supervised 2 project management interns, assigned tasks, tracked productivity and quality
o	Oversaw client projects end-to-end, coordinating internal teams and deliverables
o	Handled client onboarding processes and trained clients on the firm’s systems and tools
o	Represented the firm at industry conferences and networking events
o	Tracked firm-wide goals, reporting on progress and outcomes to support strategic planning
o	Directly communicated with clients for project kick-offs and status updates
Johnson Friedman Law Group, PLLC		         Summers of 2022 & 2023
Research & Documentation Intern
o	Reviewed client rent costs to look for errors.
o	Reviewed previous tenant claims to help determine who holds the ownership rights.
o	Create prospective lists to increase client base.
o	Researched previous case law to ensure that contracts contained all needed information and clauses.
o	Revised and reviewed contracts based on feedback from the supervising attorney to minimize risk potential to all parties.
o	Completed research projects related to specific laws to limit client vulnerabilities.
 
 
  PROJECTS
   Project Renovation
   Project Design and Analysis, UNT Music Library, UNT Special Collections		                       Fall 2023 – Spring 2024
Team Lead/Project Manager
o	Collected information through focus groups, impromptu interviews, and tabling, connecting findings to the needs of students and patrons.
o	Oversaw efforts to ensure efficient data collection and analysis.
o	Transitioning to the Spring semester, the focus shifted towards the design aspects of revamping the 4th floor of the Willis Library.
o	Conducted field observations at other universities to observe diverse design styles and their alignment with students' and patrons' needs.
o	Utilized the gathered insights when developing designs to enhance the library space to meet the patrons' needs.
o	Planned for upcoming steps in the project and outlined what needed to be done within the assigned work
o	Presented the proposed designs based on the comprehensive data collected.
   Resilience Hubs
   Project Design and Analysis, Serve Denton		                       				        Fall 2024
o	Collaborated with Serve Denton, the second-largest non-profit in Texas, to design a hub for smaller/rural communities. 
o	Addressed the client's five key service pillars: Income Assistance, Healthcare, Food Scarcity, Mental Health, and Childcare. 
o	Conducted region-wide demographic research to create user personas to then guide design decisions for the floorplan. 
o	Developed schematics for the building with the input of the client to make improvements 
o	Produced: Furniture, Fixtures, and Equipment (FF&E), cost estimates, and a supportive narrative to complete the final proposal.
   Project Corelign
   Project Design and Analysis, AGWinsights		                       				       Spring 2025 – Fall 2025
User Interface (UI) Role 
o	Conducted competitive research within the student coaching and development market to identify differentiators and common issues shared in the industry, and in individual competitors.
o	Collectively interviewed 160 students across multiple campuses to collect and analyze needs-based data as a team. 
o	Identified 64 unique themes and categorized 462 supporting quotes to inform UX/UI design decisions. 
o	Iterated and designed a professional development app in Figma based on user insights and feedback based on the previous semester's testing.
o	Tested prototypes with stakeholders and target users, implementing improvements to usability and feature alignment.
 
